now directly from são luís do curu to simplify a pedophile the task that
has by the suspension bridge
what is coming directly from itu fortress
indirectly from caucaia ce
the pressure increased and invented intimidating
warming the animal to get on the track did not last long
is by the now encouraging supporters will make a poll scorned
it's over the bridge
P
double faces colleague
he
preparing now to attract customers
fight nelio
in testimony
I can speak what to come talk about if he will be able to accompany the lecture
the ball came in front of the clinic to further strengthen it to enter and
Mark
Marquinho in front of the thing goes
the reform must guide
disaster came to put the ox by mst group
dr
O
d
here and now we will see talk that with the marker and even more with the big and
represent a fifth ahead
even though the side we are going to speak marks Moorish he says what was the population
about the performance of popular bibi
shortly after a race this past Sunday and now believes that the
characteristics of migraine so now discovered do not talk here with
a defeat I want and what did you think of your friend from the performance of david barlow
lands
the teacher
v
it seems that the career of the girl's father
the career in fact that kaka says he would pay real estate mourning
no one was arrested
At this moment we are going to interview an apparatus she loves her opinion about
championship heaven
this waiting list is not unprecedented
What do you think about the selection I have to be a bit shocked at what they do and
I said it was happening.
with the ferrer victory
weird
the clinic is a little bit because I was glad I signed it.
I really wanted Rio's fan on the liberators it seems that the field did not
was liable to lose mines general eduardo
I really was performance was hampered by account
1 in the fragrance
Now it's no use, nothing's going to stop.
here
we can win the cock now the odor of the body paulo
the comparison is very important this opinion of everyone but not of my
my life is firefighters
I was happy
phase since 2002 was not this time
friday to sunday
on canvas party favors
in fact the marathon was the first time and since then in the pdt how is it
join this hit several times to paulinho now
and want
lacked for
grandson
who knows but with all the comfort